$25.
It doesn't really sound like much, does
it? It's the price of a couple of
dinners, a night out, or maybe some
snacks and coffee. It's easy to think,
"What's $25 really going to do for me?"
So, we spend it without much thought,
and before we know it, it's gone. The
truth is, most of us don't think twice
about $25 slipping through our fingers.
But what if that same $25 invested each
week could eventually make you more
money than a full-time job? In this
video, I'll show you how a small $25
weekly investment can grow into
something much bigger than you expect.
We'll talk about how inflation slowly
eats away at your paycheck, making it
harder to get ahead. Then, we'll see how
compounding works to make your money
grow even when the market is up and
down. I'll also show you how to build a
Fidelity index funds portfolio for this
strategy. By the end of this video, I'll
show you how the same Fidelity portfolio
could turn your $25 a week into a
portfolio worth over 600K, paying over
$4,800 in monthly dividend income. But
before we get into the details, let's
understand why weekly investing really
works in the real world.
A lot of people hesitate to invest
weekly because $25 doesn't seem like it
could make much of a difference. And
it's true, in the short term, 25 bucks
might not feel like it's going to change
everything, but that hesitation usually
has less to do with investing and more
to do with pressure. You can see this
pressure clearly when you look at
inflation over time. Inflation has been
around in the US economy for ages. While
it goes up and down, it never fully
disappears. Even in 2025, with inflation
sitting around 2.7%, prices are still
climbing every year. That means money
loses purchasing power even when things
feel stable. What makes inflation feel
heavier is where it shows up. Essential
categories rise faster than optional
spending. Transportation costs have been
increasing around 5%, housing costs
roughly 4%, and food and beverages near
4% as well. Medical care continues to
trend higher. These aren't upgrades or
lifestyle choices. They're basic
expenses. That's why inflation isn't
abstract. You feel it at the gas pump,
at the store, and when monthly bills
come due. Because of this, people change
the way they spend. Around 62% of
Americans say inflation impacts how they
save and spend. Only 19% say it hasn't
affected their habits. It's not just
about prices rising. It's about making
people second guessess how they spend
their money because their budgets are
tighter. At the same time, borrowing
money has become more expensive. After
years near 0%, the federal funds rate
now sits at 3.72%.
That makes loans, mortgages, and credit
cards more expensive. Even those who
avoid debt still feel the impact because
higher rates affect everything: rent,
services, even everyday prices.
Meanwhile, wages are growing, but not
enough to keep up. Average hourly
earnings are going up around 3.5 to 4% a
year. While that helps in the short
term, it doesn't really make a big dent
in the long run. So, even though we're
working harder, it doesn't always feel
like we're getting ahead. Your paycheck
may grow, but your purchasing power
barely moves. Then there's the stock
market. Over the past 100 years, markets
have survived wars, depressions,
crashes, pandemics, and inflation
shocks. Sure, every downturn feels scary
in the moment, but the overall trend has
always been upward with average returns
around 12%. The beauty of weekly
investing is that it doesn't rely on
predicting those ups and downs. If the
market goes up, you invest. If it drops,
your investment buys a higher number of
shares because the prices are down. When
it rebounds, you're right there
benefiting from the growth. When
paychecks grow nearly 4% a year, but
long-term portfolios grow two to three
times faster, consistency starts
building towards something income alone
can't. Once you see how this works, it's
easy to understand how even small weekly
amounts can eventually turn into a much
bigger snowball than most people expect.
The snowball effect becomes easier to
see when you look at how small weekly
investing behaves in the early years.
Let's break it down and see how it plays
out over the first few years. Imagine
you start by investing just 10 bucks
every week. In one year, that adds up to
$520.
Even though this doesn't seem like much,
the magic happens when your money starts
to grow. In year 1, you invest $520.
With a 10% return, that $520 grows by
$52, bringing your total at the end of
the year to $572.
In year two, you add another $520 to
your investment, bringing the total
contributions to $1,040.
Now, your balance from year 1, $572 is
combined with the new $520, giving you
$1,92.
Applying the 10% return to the total
balance of $1,92
adds $19, bringing the total at the end
of year 2 to $1,21.
In year three, you add another $520
bucks, making your total contributions
to $1,560.
Now, your balance from year 2, $1,21, is
combined with the new $520, giving you
$1,721.
Applying the 10% return to this new
total adds $172,
bringing your total at the end of year 3
to $1,893.
Each year, as the money continues to
grow and earn more on top of what you've
already invested, the snowball effect
picks up speed. Your weekly $10
investment is now growing faster than it
did at the beginning. The first few
years don't look exciting, but they
build the structure that makes long-term
growth possible. Later, you'll see how
the same snowball effect can turn a $25
weekly habit into a $600,000 portfolio
that pays over $4,800 a month in
dividends. Understanding how that
snowball forms is only half the story.
The other half is how we think about
investing and how to stay committed even
when the results aren't immediately
visible. Most people don't give up on
weekly investing because the math
doesn't work. They give up because the
early results feel discouraging. You put
in your $10, $25, or $35, and the
balance barely moves. Your brain expects
to see progress, and when that doesn't
happen, doubt creeps in. But this doubt
has nothing to do with the returns. It's
all in our heads. We're wired to think
linearly. If we put in more effort, we
expect more reward. If we work more
hours, we expect a bigger paycheck. But
investing doesn't work that way. In the
beginning, you can see the effort, but
the results aren't visible right away.
The payoff is delayed, and it's tough to
stay motivated when you don't see
immediate rewards. Market noise and
fluctuations make this harder. A down
week feels like failure. A scary
headline feels like a warning sign when
you're just starting. Volatility feels
personal because your balance is small
and easy to track. But these reactions
come from focusing on short-term
movement instead of long-term behavior.
The real shift happens when you change
the way you measure success. Instead of
asking how much did my portfolio grow
this week, ask yourself, did I invest
this week? This simple change removes
the emotional ups and downs from the
process and puts the control back in
your hands. This mindset allows
investments to outgrow income.
Once you get the habit of investing
down, the next question becomes, what do
you invest in? This is where a lot of
people tend to overthink things. They
start searching for the perfect stock or
trying to time the market. But long-term
investing is actually a lot simpler than
that. It's about investing on a few key
qualities that matter no matter what's
happening in the market. First up is
diversification. If you only own one
stock, one bad report could seriously
hurt your plan. But when you own
hundreds or thousands of companies, the
risk gets spread out. If one company
struggles, others will keep growing.
Broad index funds are designed to do
this automatically without you needing
to make constant decisions about each
individual stock. Next is exposure
across different parts of the market.
Markets aren't static. They change. Some
years big companies lead. Other years,
smaller or international companies might
outperform. A well-built portfolio
doesn't try to guess which will win in
any given year. Instead, it holds a mix
of different companies, industries, and
even countries. This way, growth
continues no matter which segment is in
the lead. Dividend growth is another
important factor. A high dividend today
is nice, but it's more valuable if it
keeps growing over time. Companies that
consistently raise their dividends
create a cycle of growth. Those growing
dividends buy more shares and those new
shares generate even more dividends,
helping your money grow on its own.
Consistency in historical performance is
also key. This doesn't mean chasing the
hottest stock of the year. It means
looking for companies or funds that have
survived multiple market cycles through
booms, crashes, recessions, and
recoveries. Longevity shows resilience.
You want investments that can handle
whatever the market throws at them.
Finally, low costs protect compounding.
Even a 1% fee reduces long-term results
more than most people realize. Funds
with minimal or zero expense ratios keep
more of your money working for you year
after year. When you put all of this
together, diversification, broad
exposure, dividend growth, proven
performance, and low fees, you end up
with investments that are built to
survive uncertainty and grow steadily
over time. And that's exactly what the
Fidelity funds in this portfolio are
built to do. Now that we've got the
strategy in place, let's see how these
funds work together to make it all
happen. The power of this strategy
doesn't come from any one fund doing
something extraordinary. It's about how
these solid funds work together, each
playing its part in supporting the same
long-term growth engine. At the heart of
the portfolio is the Fidelity Zero Total
Market Index Fund, FZROX.
This fund gives you exposure to the
entire US stock market all in one place.
It includes large, midsized, and small
companies across every major industry.
It's like getting a little piece of the
entire market. It has a dividend yield
of 1.01%,
a solid 7.19% growth rate for dividends
over the last 5 years, and an annual
share price increase of around 14.06%.
This fund acts as the core driver of
growth in the portfolio.
Next we have the Fidelity US
Sustainability Index Fund, FITLX.
This fund focuses on companies with
strong environmental, social, and
governance standards. These are the
companies that not only do good in the
world, but are also increasingly
profitable and forwardthinking.
This fund currently has a yield of 1.1%,
a 15.42% dividend growth rate, and a
solid annual appreciation of 13.92%.
It adds a modern growth angle to the
portfolio without sacrificing
diversification.
Then there's the Fidelity Growth and
Income Portfolio, FGRIX.
This fund balances things out by
providing steady income while still
focusing on growth. It invests in
highquality companies that generate
consistent cash flow and grow steadily
over time with a dividend yield of
1.04%,
an impressive 27.47%
dividend growth rate, and 10.46% 46%
annual price appreciation. It
strengthens both income and growth in
the portfolio at the same time.
Following that, we have the Fidelity
Dividend Growth Fund, FDGFX.
This one focuses on companies with a
long track record of consistently
raising their dividends. Its role is to
bring stability to the portfolio.
It currently yields 1.24%,
has a 22.81% average dividend growth
rate, and while its price appreciation
is more modest at 5.0, 08%. It helps
smooth out the ups and downs of the
market, strengthening your income,
especially during slower market periods.
Finally, the Fidelity Global XUS Index
Fund FSGX adds international exposure to
the mix. This helps reduce reliance on
just the US market and captures growth
from outside the country. It offers the
highest yield in the portfolio at 2.52%
with a solid dividend growth rate of
15.15%
and annual price appreciation of around
7.62%.
The next step is to calculate the
portfolio's metrics. Starting with the
dividend yield. Since we're keeping it
simple, we'll use a simple average.
First, we list out the dividend yields
of each of the five funds. FZROX has a
yield of 1.01%.
FITLX is at 1.1%.
FGRIX is at 1.04%.
FDGFX offers 1.24%
and FSGX has a yield of 2.52%.
Next, we add those together. 1.01 + 1.1
+ 1.04 + 1.24 + 2.52 gives us a total of
6.91.
Since each fund makes up an equal
portion of the portfolio, we'll divide
that total by 5, which is the number of
funds. So 6.91 / 5 gives us an average
dividend yield of 1.38%.
That's how we calculate the overall
yield for the portfolio. You can use the
same process for the portfolio's
dividend growth rate and its annual
price appreciation. Just add up each
fund's growth rate or price change,
divide by five, and you'll get the
average for the entire portfolio. For
this portfolio, that calculation shows
an average dividend growth rate of
17.61%
and annual share price appreciation of
10.23%.
Growth pushes the value of the portfolio
higher. Rising dividends boost your
income, and diversification ensures
everything keeps running smoothly
through all sorts of market conditions.
Let's take a look at what happens when
you invest 25 bucks a week into this
portfolio. $5 in each index fund every
week. By the end of year 1, you'll have
invested $1,300 into the portfolio. This
amount sets the foundation for future
growth. Looking ahead to year 10,
projections show the portfolio will grow
to about $23,000 with annual dividend
income reaching around $500. By year 20,
the portfolio is projected to climb to
approximately $113,000
with annual dividend income rising to
nearly $5,000.
The final decade is where the curve
steepens. By year 30, the portfolio is
expected to reach about $641,000
with dividend income expanding to
roughly 58 grand a year or around $4,800
per month. At this point, the growth in
income will accelerate faster than your
weekly contributions. The portfolio's
growth is no longer dependent on what
you're adding. It's being driven by the
growth that has already been built. Want
to know how to turn the same 25 bucks a
week into a $1.6 $6 million portfolio
that pays over six grand in dividends
every month. Click the video on screen
to find out how.